---
layout: hints-post
title: "iTunes Error 3001, 42110, or 5103"
tags: [itunes, error, 3001, 42110, 5103]
author_name: Mark Miyashita
author_url: http://markmiyashita.com
google_plus: 101180624276428786239
date: 2012-03-04 01:23:00 -8
---

You may experience an error message 3001, -42110, or 5103  when downloading a movie rental from the iTunes Store. If this happens then follow these instructions to delete the SC Info folder that is causing these errors.

## FOR MAC OS X

Step 1) Quit iTunes and any other open applications so only Finder is open.

Step 2) Choose Go > Go to Folder (Or you can simply press CMD-Shift-G)

Step 3) Type <code> /Users/Shared/SC Info</code> and click Go.

Step 4) If Finder is not already set to column view, set it by choosing View > as Columns.

Step 5) Select the SC Info folder and move it to the Trash by choosing File > Move to Trash.

Step 6) Open iTunes and choose Store > Check for available downloads.

Step 7) After your rental finishes downloading, choose Store > Authorize.

Step 8)Enter your account name and password, then click the Authorize button.

## FOR WINDOWS XP

Step 1) Open My Computer from the desktop or Start Menu.

Step 2) From the Tools menu, choose Folder Options.

Step 3) Click View tab.

Step 4) In the "Advanced settings" pane under "Hidden files and folders," make sure that the "Show hidden files and folders" option is selected.

Step 5) Click OK.

Step 6) Navigate to the following location by either typing it into the address bar, copying and pasting it into the address bar, or clicking through the folder hierarchy listed:

<code> C:\Documents and Settings\All Users\Application Data\Apple Computer\iTunes\ </code>

Step 7) Right-click the SC Info folder shown and on the shortcut menu, choose Delete.

Step 8) Restart the computer.

Step 9) Open iTunes and choose Store > Check for available downloads.

Step 10) After your rental finishes downloading, choose Store > Authorize.

Step 11) Enter your account name and password, then click the Authorize button.

## FOR WINDOWS VISTA AND WINDOWS 7

Step 1) From the Start menu, choose Computer.

Step 2) From the Organize menu, choose Folder and Search Options.

Step 3) Click the View tab.

Step 4) In the "Advanced settings" pane under "Hidden files and folders," make sure that the "Show hidden files and folders" option is selected.

Step 5) Click OK.

Step 6) Navigate to the following location by either typing it into the address bar, copying and pasting it into the address bar, or clicking through the folder hierarchy listed:

<code> C:\ProgramData\Apple Computer\iTunes </code>

Step 7) Right-click the SC Info folder shown and from the shortcut menu, choose Delete.

Step 8) Restart the computer.

Step 9) Open iTunes and choose Store > Check for available downloads.

Step 10) After your rental finishes downloading, choose Store > Authorize.

Step 11) Enter your account name and password, then click the Authorize button.